IGV renderer (#2965)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/VisualizationDashboards.md

* [ECharts](#echarts)
* [Voila](#voila) (Developer preview)
* [Perspective](#perspective)

> * [Igv](#igv)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [IGV](#igv)
```

> - `types` - a list of rendering types; currently only singleton list values are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `types` - a list of rendering types (at present only singleton lists are supported):
```

  }
]
```

> ## Igv
> 
> To render an [Igv](https://igv.org/), you provide a JSON file (a dictionary that
> specifies the Igv [browser configuration options](https://github.com/igvteam/igv.js/wiki/Browser-Creation#browser-configuration-options))
> and you set the `"types"` property to `[ "igv" ]`.
> 
> Alternatively, you can browse that JSON file in Quilt web and switch viewer from JSON to Igv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integrative Genomics Viewer (IGV)

To render genome tracks, you can select "View as IGV" in the catalog,
or you can invoke [igv.js](https://igv.org/) in quilt_summarize, as shown below:
```

> 
> ## Igv
> 
> To render an [Igv](https://igv.org/), you provide a JSON file (a dictionary that
> specifies the Igv [browser configuration options](https://github.com/igvteam/igv.js/wiki/Browser-Creation#browser-configuration-options))
> and you set the `"types"` property to `[ "igv" ]`.
> 
> Alternatively, you can browse that JSON file in Quilt web and switch viewer from JSON to Igv
> 
> ```json
> // quilt_summarize.json
> [
>   {
>     "path": "igv-options-file.json",
>     "title": "Awesome genome",
>     "types": ["igv"]
>   }
> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Integrative Genomics Viewer (IGV)

```suggestion
To render genome tracks, you can select "View as IGV" in the catalog,
or you can invoke [igv.js](https://igv.org/) with quilt_summarize, as shown below:
```json
// quilt_summarize.json
[
  {
    "path": "igv-options-file.json",
    "title": "Awesome genome",
    "types": ["igv"]
  }
]
```
In the above example, `igv-options-file.json` is an
[IGV browser configuration](https://github.com/igvteam/igv.js/wiki/Browser-Creation#browser-configuration-options).
```

> ```

Reviewer: It's impossible to make a suggestion with three backticks in GH. Anyway, please add this sentence on the next line:
```
In the above example, `igv-options-file.json` is an
[IGV browser configuration](https://github.com/igvteam/igv.js/wiki/Browser-Creation#browser-configuration-options).
```
